Update generate to match new aliases strategy (#14)
snaplet/docs: docs/tutorials/supabase-integration.md

> # Supabase Integration Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Supabase
```

![Supabase console connection info](../../static/screenshots/supabase-integration/supabase_connection_info.png)

You’ll then have to confirm providing Snaplet access to your database. Snaplet will prompt you to only provide `read-only` access to your database. We have a guide in our documentation on how to go about this and you can check that out [here](https://docs.snaplet.dev/postgresql/create-read-only-role).

> Note that whatever connection string you provide here will be that of your `Data Source` – essentially the production database in a real-life scenario

![Snaplet onboarding checking db credentials](../../static/screenshots/supabase-integration/onboarding_write_access.png)

> Once you have configured this or are comfortable with continuing with `WRITE` access, you can continue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I would rather not suggest that people do this.

# Supabase Integration Guide

> ### Clone Supabase production data, without personal information, to a development environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clone Supabase production data, without personal information, to a development environment
```

"Environment parity" is a term introduced by ["The 12 Factor App Methodology"](https://12factor.net/dev-prod-parity) that instructed developers to keep our environments as similar as possible so that we could have the confidence that if it “worked on my machine,” it would work in production:

> If your development, testing, and production environments differ, even in ways you might think don’t matter, then you lose the ability to accurately predict how your code change is going to behave in production. This confidence in the code heading to production is essential for the kind of continuous delivery, rapid deployment that allows applications and their development teams to thrive in the cloud. – [Kevin Hoffman](https://www.oreilly.com/content/environment-parity-for-rapidly-deployed-cloud-native-apps/)

> Environment parity sounds like a dream come true. In this guide, we’re going to tell you exactly how to do that with Supabase! End-to-end! It shouldn’t take more than 15 minutes, and doing so will allow you to code against an accurate development environment that you can periodically sync with production. Chef’s kiss!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment parity sounds like a dream come true. In this guide, we’re going to tell you exactly how to do that with your data in Supabase! End-to-end, it shouldn’t take more than 15 minutes, and doing so will allow you to code against an accurate development environment that you can periodically sync with production. Chef's kiss!
```

You can follow along in the video below as our founder, Peter Pistorius takes you through the entire process, or refer to the written guide below.

[![IMAGE_ALT](https://img.youtube.com/vi/oPtMMhdhEP4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPtMMhdhEP4)

### Things you'll need before you begin:

> 1. **A production Supabase project's connection string:** These can be found in Supabase via Organization > Project > Database > Connection Pooling > Connection string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **A production Supabase project's connection string:** These can be found in Supabase via `Organization > Project > Database > Connection Pooling > Connection string`
```

2. **A development Supabase project's connection string:** Same steps as above, but a different project/environment

> 3. **A read-only role** in Production (recommended): This can be done in Supabase via Organization > SQL Editor > + New Query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **A read-only role** in Production (recommended): This can be done by running the following statements on Supabase via `Organization > SQL Editor > + New Query`
```

```sql
-- Create a `read_all_data` role on all schemas
CREATE ROLE snaplet_read_all_data;

DO $do$
DECLARE
    sch text;
BEGIN
    FOR sch IN SELECT nspname FROM pg_namespace
    LOOP
        EXECUTE format($$ GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA %I TO snaplet_read_all_data $$, sch);
				EXECUTE format($$ GRANT SELECT ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA %I TO snaplet_read_all_data $$, sch);
				EXECUTE format($$ ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES IN SCHEMA %I GRANT SELECT ON TABLES TO snaplet_read_all_data $$, sch);
    END LOOP;
END;
$do$;

-- Create a `snaplet` user and associate the `read_all_data` role.
CREATE USER snaplet WITH PASSWORD 'a very good password';
GRANT snaplet_read_all_data TO snaplet;
```

> 4. **Superuser access** for the development project. This can be done in Supabase via Organization > SQL Editor > + New Query and running the query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Superuser access** for the development project. This can be done in Supabase via `Organization > SQL Editor > + New Query` and running this statement:
```

   `ALTER USER postgres WITH superuser;`

### Step 1: Connect your data source

> The first thing you’ll want to do is navigate to [https://www.snaplet.dev/](https://www.snaplet.dev/) and sign up for a new account (it’s free). Once you have successfully signed up for a new account, you’ll begin the onboarding process. Give your team a name and click `create`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing you’ll want to do is navigate to [https://www.snaplet.dev/](https://www.snaplet.dev/) and sign up for a new account (it’s free). Once you have successfully signed up for a new account, you’ll begin the onboarding process...
```

![Snaplet onboarding select team name](../../static/screenshots/supabase-integration/onboarding_team_name.png)

> Once you create your team, proceed past the “Let’s get you started screen”. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![Snaplet onboarding connect your database](../../static/screenshots/supabase-integration/onboarding_connect_db.png)

> You’ll then want to enter the credentials of the Postgres database you would like to connect to Snaplet. You can find these credentials in your Supabase console under Settings > Project Settings > Database > Connection info. Right at the bottom of the page, you will find the connection string. Alternatively, you can copy each of the values under ‘Connection Info’ respectively and paste them into Snaplet. Remember that the password is the same password you used when creating the Supabase project. If you do not remember the password, you can always reset the database password on this same screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ll then want to enter the credentials of your production Supabase project. Find the "Connection string" in Supabase via `Organization > Project > Settings > Database > Connection string` (At the bottom of the page.)

Remember that the password is the same password you used when creating the Supabase project.
```

At this point, Snaplet will automatically detect any columns that have Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and mark them in purple. If there are any additional columns that hold data you would like to anonymise, you can click on the respective column name and provide a replacement value for the data in that column. Once you are happy and satisfied, you can click on `Review and Save`  and proceed to the dashboard.

![Snaplet onboarding create snapshot](../../static/screenshots/supabase-integration/onboarding_create_snapshot.png)

### Step 3: Create a Snapshot
Next you’ll want to create a snapshot of your production database. This is what you’re going to restore later into your data target (more on that later in the guide).

### Step 4: Create a data target on Supabase

> Your data target is essentially where you want Snaplet to restore the data from your production database into. To put it into context, this would most likely be either your staging or developer database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your data target is where you want Snaplet to restore the captured snapshot of your production project. This would most likely be either your staging or developer Supabase project.
```

If you don’t already have a developer database setup on Supabase, you’ll need to create a new data target by setting up a new project on Supabase. To create a new project you’ll have to do the following:

1. Go to [app.supabase.io](https://app.supabase.io)
2. Click on “new project”
3. Enter your project details
4. Wait for the new database to launch

> Remember the password you use when creating the project. You’ll need this password to connect your database to Snaplet later. 

> ### Step 5: Make yourself a superuser on the data target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Make your `postgres` user a superuser
```

> Granting superuser privileges is important because without it, the data restoration will fail. If you try to restore the snapshot from your data source without granting superuser privileges to your `postgres` user, you will run into an `Unhandled error: must be owner of schema storage` . So in order to grant these privileges you’ll want to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snaplet requires the ability to drop the database schemas whilst whilst restoring a snapshot, in order to do that we require `superuser` privileges.
```

1. Navigate to your the `SQL Editor` in your Supabase console
2. Click on `new query`
3. Paste `alter user postgres with superuser;` into the SQL editor
4. Run the query

### Step 6: Install the Snaplet CLI
1. Open your terminal and run `curl -sL [https://app.snaplet.dev/get-cli/](https://app.snaplet.dev/get-cli/) | bash`
2. Run `snaplet auth`
3. Navigate to [`https://app.snaplet.dev/access-token/cli`](https://app.snaplet.dev/access-token/cli) to get your access token
4. Paste your access token in the terminal

### Step 7: Restore to the data target

> If you have made it this far, you are ready to now populate your data target with some anonymised, versioned and production-like data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have made it this far, you are ready to now populate your data target with some anonymized, versioned and production-like data.
```

1. Navigate to your project directory
2. Run `snaplet setup` – you will be prompted to enter your database credentials. These are the database credentials of your **data target.** This could be your staging or development database

Once you have successfully completed the above steps, you will have be presented with a list of options – these options are databases that are connected to your Snaplet account.

1. Select a data source from the list
2. Run `snaplet restore`

> At this point in time, your specified data target should have a tables populated with anonymised, versioned and production-like data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## All done!
```

> As a Supabase user, you can see how this solves an issue we all typically experience when attempting to create multiple development environments and populating each of those environments with data that you can work with. With Snaplet, this workflow is simplified down to creating the respective Supabase projects, connecting the data source (typically the production database) to Snaplet and then telling Snaplet where to restore that data (typically your staging and development databases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Supabase user, you can see how this solves an issue we all typically experience when attempting to create multiple development environments and populating each of those environments with data that you can work with. With Snaplet, this process is simplified down to creating the respective Supabase projects, connecting the data source (The production database) to Snaplet and telling Snaplet where to restore that data (staging and development databases).
```

> Usually, populating your staging and development databases can be a pain, but it doesn’t have to be. With Snaplet that workflow becomes much easier. All you have to worry about is creating a new project on Supabase and let Snaplet worry about getting your data in there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
